README.md, before:

# ABOUT

#### A REST API Test Framework for developing the regression suites. The test cases can be run locally or through CI/CD.

# STEPS FOR INTEGRATING TESTNG & REPORT PORTAL

1. Download the latest docker-compose.yml
   from [here](https://github.com/reportportal/reportportal/blob/master/docker-compose.yml), a quicker way to download
   this is to use below command
   `curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/reportportal/reportportal/master/docker-compose.yml -o docker-compose.yml`
2. Once downloaded, execute the below command to pull the required images and start containers
   `docker-compose -p reportportal up -d --force-recreate`
3. Verify login http://localhost:8080/ui/#login with `default\1q2w3e` or `superadmin\erebus`
4. Create a blank project and copy and paste the below config in `reportportal.properties` under `src/test/resources`.
   See the table below.
5. Read these great posts written below by [Automation Hacks](https://github.com/automationhacks) to configure Report portal. By far, these are the only posts with accurate steps.
    1. Further reading on setting up the reportportal
       is [here](https://automationhacks.io/2020/03/02/how-to-setup-reportportal-on-a-local-docker-instance/).
    2. Further reading on configuring logback with reportportal to push logs
       is [here](https://automationhacks.io/2020/09/25/logging-integration-with-logback-testng-in-report-portal/).

| Sl.No | Report portal Property Name | Report portal Property Value |
|-------|-----------------------------|------------------------------|
| 1     | rp.endpoint                 | http://localhost:8080        |
| 2     | rp.api.key                  | <API_KEY>                    |
| 3     | rp.launch                   | Java launch                  |
| 4     | rp.project                  | api_tests                    |


#### REPORT PORTAL OUTPUTS
<img width="1415" alt="Test_Logs_MVN_CMD" src="https://github.com/iamcharankumar/api_test_framework/assets/29479534/16b37790-994d-4a9f-9d86-ba6656b18522">
<img width="1728" alt="Test_Logs_Pushed_Report_Portal" src="https://github.com/iamcharankumar/api_test_framework/assets/29479534/652e0be2-748b-4d9e-ab1f-b68f1698b625">
<img width="1728" alt="Test_Suite_Launches_Report_Portal" src="https://github.com/iamcharankumar/api_test_framework/assets/29479534/9e22ff4c-4051-4b9e-af9a-001684c7a797">


# STEPS FOR THE TEST EXECUTION

**1. git clone https://github.com/iamcharankumar/api_test_framework.git**

**2. cd api_test_framework**

**3. git pull**

**4. mvn clean test -Dgroups=ALL_SMOKE,ALL_REGRESSION -Dtestng.parallel=methods -DthreadPoolSize=3
-Ddataproviderthreadcount=3**

**Note:** To run specific test cases, use appropriate Test groups present in 'TestGroups' class.

Commit message:

Integrated test reports with Discord Messaging service.

README.md, after:

# ABOUT

#### A REST API Test Framework for developing the regression suites. The test cases can be run locally or through CI/CD.

# STEPS FOR INTEGRATING TESTNG & REPORT PORTAL

1. Download the latest docker-compose.yml
   from [here](https://github.com/reportportal/reportportal/blob/master/docker-compose.yml), a quicker way to download
   this is to use below command
   `curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/reportportal/reportportal/master/docker-compose.yml -o docker-compose.yml`
2. Once downloaded, execute the below command to pull the required images and start containers
   `docker-compose -p reportportal up -d --force-recreate`
3. Verify login http://localhost:8080/ui/#login with `default\1q2w3e` or `superadmin\erebus`
4. Create a blank project and copy and paste the below config in `reportportal.properties` under `src/test/resources`.
   See the table below.
5. Read these great posts written below by [Automation Hacks](https://github.com/automationhacks) to configure Report
   portal.
   By far, these are the only posts with accurate steps.
    1. Further reading on setting up the reportportal
       is [here](https://automationhacks.io/2020/03/02/how-to-setup-reportportal-on-a-local-docker-instance/).
    2. Further reading on configuring logback with reportportal to push logs
       is [here](https://automationhacks.io/2020/09/25/logging-integration-with-logback-testng-in-report-portal/).

| Sl.No | Report portal Property Name | Report portal Property Value |
|-------|-----------------------------|------------------------------|
| 1     | rp.endpoint                 | http://localhost:8080        |
| 2     | rp.api.key                  | <API_KEY>                    |
| 3     | rp.launch                   | Java launch                  |
| 4     | rp.project                  | api_tests                    |

#### REPORT PORTAL OUTPUTS

<img width="1415" alt="Test_Logs_MVN_CMD" src="https://github.com/iamcharankumar/api_test_framework/assets/29479534/16b37790-994d-4a9f-9d86-ba6656b18522">
<img width="1728" alt="Test_Logs_Pushed_Report_Portal" src="https://github.com/iamcharankumar/api_test_framework/assets/29479534/652e0be2-748b-4d9e-ab1f-b68f1698b625">
<img width="1728" alt="Test_Suite_Launches_Report_Portal" src="https://github.com/iamcharankumar/api_test_framework/assets/29479534/9e22ff4c-4051-4b9e-af9a-001684c7a797">

# STEPS FOR INTEGRATING TEST REPORTS [REPORT PORTAL URL] WITH DISCORD MESSAGE SERVICE

1. Create a discord account and follow the steps
   given [here](https://www.svix.com/resources/guides/how-to-make-webhook-discord/) to configure a message channel and
   send the test reports after the test execution.
2. Pass your channel's webhook token in the ApiConstants class.
3. Here we will send the Report Portal Launch URL along with test case metrics. So make sure that your report portal is
   up and running.
4. You're ready to execute your tests now. Follow the below section.

#### DISCORD OUTPUTS

# STEPS FOR THE TEST EXECUTION

**1. git clone https://github.com/iamcharankumar/api_test_framework.git**

**2. cd api_test_framework**

**3. git pull**

**4. mvn clean test -Dgroups=ALL_SMOKE,ALL_REGRESSION -Dtestng.parallel=methods -DthreadPoolSize=3
-Ddataproviderthreadcount=3**

**Note:** To run specific test cases, use appropriate Test groups present in 'TestGroups' class.
